Add Jenkins for building and deployment (#5)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-voucher-subgraph: README.md

  -e GRAPHNODE_URL="http://graphnode:8020" \
  voucher-subgraph-deployer
```

# Voucher Subgraph Jenkins Pipelines

## JenkinsfileBuild

This pipeline handles building the voucher-subgraph Docker image, which is used for deploying the subgraph.

## JenkinsfileDeploy

This pipeline is responsible for deploying the voucher-subgraph to the desired environment.

Steps:

> 1.	User Input: The pipeline prompts the user for input, such as the target host, network name, voucher hub address, and start block.
> 3.	Compute Start Block: If a start block isn’t provided, the current block number is fetched from the Bellecour fork (https://bellecour.iex.ec).
> 5.	Run Docker Image: The Docker container is executed, deploying the subgraph to the specified Graph Node and IPFS node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	User Input: The pipeline prompts the user for input, such as the target host, network name, voucher hub address, and start block.
2.	Run Docker Image: The Docker container is executed, deploying the subgraph to the specified Graph Node and IPFS node.
```
